Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Whoa.
Talk about a jungle room. huh?
Elvis ain't got nothin' on this.
Hey! Whoever's there…
Uh. in the forest… Uh. job's done.
My boy Dante's transported the goods.
We're here for the dough!
Hello!
Come in.
You're Professor Lucan?
The same.
And that behind you is Rama.
Hey. I didn't mean to…
The white-haired tiger.
Solitary by nature.
Though one wonders if it is only
because there are so few of his own kind
that he has given up hope
of meeting another.
Ah. but is it the cat of whom I speak?
Hmm?
Your payment is ready.
Follow me.
Tell me. Dante.
have you in your various employments
had much experience
with what one might call…
sorcery?
Uh. you mean like magic?
Nah. never trusted magicians.
What do they need
such long handkerchiefs for?
Oh. very good.
But in a universe
where all things are merely energy.
particles moving together
in the same cosmic whirlwind.
the truly humorous notion is that
the only way to touch is with our hands.
the only way to perceive is with our eyes.
So you're what?
Some kind of wizard or something?
No. the statues you see here.
they are from Makai. the Demon Realm.
The materials of that realm
possess an inherent potential
to manipulate quantum energy.
"Magic" as you know it. does not exist.
There have been a handful of humans
who were granted such powers.
Or learned to wield them.
Most sought to use them to dominate.
But the equation of demons with evil
is only our ignorance.
There is no innate cruelty
in demonic power.
Just the opposite.
Their energy flows from the truth
at the very heart of existence.
That we are all part of the same light
as everything else.
Good girl. Mushi.
Neat trick with the monkey.
You do know we charge by the hour
and you're technically
still on the clock. right? Hmm?
You have a gift within you. Dante.
But you use your abilities thoughtlessly.
blocked off from what you could become
by this false. cynical shell.
and by your hunger for revenge.
in the vain hope it might balance
the scale of what you lost.
What do you know about what I lost?
You will realize your full strength
when you walk the path of the light.
When you begin to live
for more than just yourself.
I can show you this path.
If you'll allow me.
All right. Professor.
Ha. I know a scam when I hear one.
You're just trying
to take advantage of the kid
so you can use his powers for yourself.
Shame on you.
Yeah. I'd rather know someone's using me.
and get paid.
Mmm.
If this is all you will accept from me…
Mmm. unless the monkey's for sale.
All right. nice doing business.
Thanks for the creepy light show.
Come on. kid.
The hard way then.
Just as stubborn as your father.
What the fuck was that?
Wha… You were the one who…
I know. it was an accident.
I was just caught up in the victory.
Is that how all private military soldiers
celebrate their victories?
Maybe… Maybe we can talk sometime.
When the world isn't ending.
Yeah. sure. Whenever that is.
Oh. Vergil. I have to get back there.
There's nothing you can do.
The fight will be over
before we're on the road.
Vergil can handle himself.
He's like you.
Except not a moron.
For all we know.
he finished kicking Arius' ass already.
He kicked yours. didn't he?
Only because I mostly let him.
You're not abandoning your brother.
you're doing what he wanted.
We have to keep the Arcana
as far away from Arius as possible.
The guy can make portals to anywhere.
Far away isn't good enough.
We need to destroy it.
How? Vergil said
even Mundus couldn't do that.
Unless you know someone
more powerful than the King of Hell.
There's this professor
I did a job for once.
Lou something.
He's got crazy powers.
I saw him mind-control a monkey in
the jungle that grows inside his mansion.
What the hell are you talking about?
If there's anyone who can
destroy this thing. it's the professor.
I don't know which of us this makes
more delusional. but I trust you.
Let's go.
Thank God y'all are all right.
I was worried that I…
Sorry about your truck.
Oh. don't you worry about that none.
The company's got insurance.
Now. what-in-the-Sam-Hell
are y'all doing out here anyway. huh?
Must be hitchhiking. huh?
Ah. I can tell by the outfits.
Two young punk rockers in love.
Yeah. something like that.
Ugh.
Look now.
if there's anything I can do for y'all--
Your company's insurance cover those too?
I have secrets
They say I want to be lonely
But you waited for us
Can I lock it up?
Jesus.
There actually is a jungle.
Oh. my apologies for Rama's rudeness.
It's not often we have a lady visit
in the middle of the night.
Maybe because there's
a fucking tiger loose in your house.
It's good to see you again. son of Sparda.
You knew who I was the whole time.
and you couldn't have told me back then?
It would have saved a lot of trouble.
A lot.
I mean. really a lot.
I couldn't tell you what was not yet true.
There is a difference between
learning who you are and becoming it.
Fuck this.
He can't help us.
He's just an asshole
who talks in vague bullshit.
I understand your reluctance to trust.
Your own father wore two different faces.
Speaking of fathers.
my condolences on your friend Enzo's
passing beyond this realm.
We came here to bring you this.
We were hoping you maybe knew how to…
The Arcana Medaglia.
Where did you get this?
A secret base in a mountain somewhere.
We took it from
some insane rich guy named Arius.
Arius?
Does that mean…
Yeah. he's got the rest of them.
If this is here.
then Arius himself won't be far behind.
What was that?
I cloaked the energy signature
of the true Medaglia.
and scattered duplicates of it
across the realm.
That death merchant piece of shit
won't be able to track it here.
Our time is short.
If Arius has all four Arcana.
when tomorrow's hybrid eclipse begins.
he will restore the God of Chaos.
Yeah. we heard.
And if Argosax comes back
and kills Mundus.
then I won't get to do it myself.
A man driven by vengeance
swings his sword in the dark
imagining all he hits
is his desired enemy.
not seeing who it is he truly wounds.
It is not just Mundus
who has reason to fear.
Argosax's resurrection will unleash
a tidal wave of quantum energy
powerful enough to level a city.
Then he will begin to feed.
And by feed you mean…?
To attain his ultimate form.
Argosax requires fuel.
the life force of other beings.
Millions will perish.
How do you know all this?
Because his birth consumed
an entire civilization.
When our realm was still joined to Makai.
there stood vast ancient cities
home to humans and demons alike.
It is said they had knowledge
that in many regards surpassed our own.
Until the God of Chaos arose.
Argosax swallowed the ancient worlds whole
to reach the full zenith of his power.
If he were to return.
their fate would be ours.
Arius cannot be allowed
to regain the complete Arcana
in time for the eclipse.
and the only way to ensure that
is if I remove this piece
from existence before then.
I told you so.
So. you can destroy it?
Yes. but it will take all my skill
to overcome the Arcana's power.
Here. I can draw enough energy
to unmake the Medaglia…
with time.
How much time?
Given its complexity.
eight hours at least.
I must begin right away.
Lady. it's our only choice.
Grandpa. you didn't tell me we had guests!
I'm Matilda.
Call me Mattie.
Future famous actress.
pop superstar. and fashion designer.
Uh. Dante.
Kind of between gigs right now.
I told you never to come in here.
And you are not going to be an actress.
For all the hatred and fear of demons.
actors have been
a far worse scourge on this realm.
Ugh. you're so boring!
I never get to do anything.
Now there's finally cool people here.
and I can't even play with them!
Play?
What we're doing is not play.
Millions of lives are at stake.
Go back to your bed this instant.
Oh. come on. This isn't even fair!
You must excuse my granddaughter.
She's walked a difficult path.
I am all the family she has left.
- Now. leave me to--
- Cool coin. How much is it worth?
You really trust this guy?
He paid in full.
That's more than I can say
for most of my clients.
You must leave me to focus now.
Make sure I am not disturbed
until it is complete.
So. what do we do for eight hours?
He was a boy. she was a girl
Can I make it any more obvious?
He was a punk. she did ballet
What more can I say?
He wanted her. she'd never tell
Secretly. she wanted him as well
But all of her friends
Stuck up their nose
They had a problem
With his baggy clothes
He was a skater boy
She said. "See you later. boy"
He wasn't good enough for her
She had a pretty face
But her head was up in space
She needed to come back down to Earth
You're thinking about Vergil again.
Even if the White Rabbit was lying.
and it wasn't Mundus
whose soldiers killed our mom.
he's a tyrant.
Keeps an entire realm enslaved.
How could Vergil…
Work for him?
It's easy not to see who it really is
you're taking orders from.
When they've fucked with your head
until it only turns where they want it to.
Still no excuse.
Five more hours to go.
No sign of Snidely Whiplash
or the cheer-demon squad.
I guess we just relax.
I don't think I've relaxed in.
I don't know…
I don't even know what it would feel like.
Yeah. me either.
I've seen you be relaxed
during a literal apocalypse.
I know you think
I don't take anything seriously.
that I don't care.
No. I know you care.
Too much.
That's why you
can't let yourself be serious.
because of what you might feel.
But I do feel it.
Believe me. I just…
I move on. I have to.
Isn't that what strength is?
Not for me.
You try to ignore the pain.
I learned a long time ago
that's impossible.
I have to stay focused on it.
use it to fuel me.
The pain is what lets me keep fighting.
Without that--
That's it?
That's the only thing
that stops you from giving up?
What else is there?
I have secrets
They say I want to be lonely
But you waited for us
Can I lock it up?
The Medaglia is inside?
Unquestionably.
Someone went to a very gratifying
amount of trouble to hide it from me.
There are only a few men
with that kind of ability.
and only one who's hired Dante before.
Heh.
Sheer arrogance.
That of an old man.
unaware he has been made obsolete.
Hey. Mushi. what do you want?
Hey. time to go to work. Lady.
What's the big party out there. huh?
It's my house.
You guys aren't supposed
to be having fun without…
Hmm.
Mattie. run! Mattie!
Hey.
I have a really important job for you.
I need you to keep this safe for me. Okay?
Now go. hide!
If someone comes at you. bite 'em!
I guess Vergil didn't beat 'em.
Guard the stairs.
I'll pick them off below.
No one gets past.
We have to give your professor
another hour to finish.
Only an hour? Won't even get in my cardio!
Stop fighting.
I think it's time you made your entrance.
Dante.
I don't believe my father told you
how he created my sisters and I.
He spliced cells together.
demon and human.
We can do everything that you can.
You want to know the difference?
Uh. you can do it in heels?
No.
We can control it.
Fall back!
That bought a few seconds.
We stay between them and that door.
If you happen to feel like
turning into a demon right now…
I would. but the bird lady was right.
I can't control it.
It's not something
I can just do on command.
This is exciting.
So exciting.
They're guarding the hall.
The Medaglia is behind that door.
Knee!
Gun!
Lady!
Oh. crap.
Embrace the darkness that's within me
No hiding in the shadows anymore
Target his vulnerability.
Damn. Next time
you're going demon from the start.
No!
Yet another person
you weren't able to save.
No. Dante! Don't leave the building!
Still the bloodline of Sparda. I guess.
Go!
I will feel your heart beat in my hand
and rip it from your chest!
Your weakness. Dante?
All emotion.
no calculation.
Outplayed! Outmaneuvered!
Checkmate.
A riveting show. young Sparda.
Mattie!
But it's over.
Drop your weapon.
Unless you intend
to watch the girl die too.
That goes for you as well. Professor.
Bring me the Medaglia.
In exchange for your granddaughter's life.
The great Professor Lucan.
At last we meet.
I'd say I wish it was
under better circumstances.
but these are actually
quite good ones for me.
Let her go.
First. the Medaglia.
Now I see why despite
all your wealth and power.
you have never made a mark in this world.
You can't even hold yourself together.
Grandpa!
Don't worry.
She's alive. just in a place
where it may prove hard to stay that way.
I always keep my promises.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm